# AnomalyDetection-Money-transactions

Problem Statment:

Charlies Crash Repairs (CCR) is a well-established business located on the Sunshine Coast, north of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. They specialise in crash and mechanical repair of all makes and models of motor vehicles. The workshop is fully-equipped with tow-trucks, specialised repair tools, diagnostic equipment, spray booth, compressors, paint systems, spray guns, etc. to perform current services. The business is strategically located in close proximity to all essential services ensuring that the business is highly accessible to passing traffic. The building is located on a spacious 4500m² block of land. The building is complete with a well-organised office and a comfortable customer lounge, and a variety of areas which can be used for many purposes. The business is currently operated by the Tony and Mary Trumpo, 9 full time panel beating and mechanical professionals and 3 casual office assistants. The expected turnover for a business of this size is $2.1M, instead it is operating with a turnover of 14.3M. Where is the additional 12.2M coming from? Mary’s brother has a drug distribution network which has a need to move funds approximating $1M a month. The transaction history and account information were able to ascertained for analysis and some initial work on where the money is going has been done. 

Database:

Customer and accounts infromation in one file 
Transaction Information in another file

Transaction Information
TxId - Unique Transaction Id
TxType - PAYMENT, TRANSFER, CHEQUE
Amount - EG ., $50.23, $2398.43
FromAcctId - Unique Account ID
ToAcctId - Unique Account ID
TxDate - Transaction Timestamp
Reference - Reference Description
IsFraud - AutoGenerated isFraud=’Y’, if Suspected
IsFlagged - Flag for setting
Account Information
AcctId - Unique Acct Id - Reference Id for both ‘FromAcctId’ and ‘ToAcctId’
AcctType - CUSTOMER, BUSINESS
AcctName - Account Name
FirstName - First Name
Surname - Surname
AcctCreated - Account Creation
PersonAge - Date of Birth
AcctRisk - LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH


Soloution:


 Visualize data into Neo4j for easy query and find the frauds. 
 Let go!
